zipit
=====

Installation
-----------

	Installation instructions:

	1. Download ZIP from above and extract locally on your computer. <br /> 
	2. Upload ASPXZipIt directory to your content directory via FTP. <br />
	3. Move or merge the bin directory into the bin directory located in your content directory. <br />
	4. Edit the web.config located inside ASPXZipIt directory. <br />
		- Appsettings CloudFilesUserName - Enter your Rackspace username <br />
		- Appsettings CloudFilesApiKey - Enter your CloudFiles ApiKey <br />
	5. Browse to ASPXZipit directory via your browser and backup your site content and MSSQL Databases to Rackspace CloudFiles. 

	MSSQL Backup Utility:

	Things to note:

	MSSQL Server must be setup to write to a share with appropriate permissions in place.  This utility creates a diretory called
	aspxzipit_sql_bak.  In Rackspace Cloud Sites this directory must be set to 777 in order for your backup to be written.
	
	In order to use the MSSQL Backup Utility please be sure to install the following stored procedure:

	1. To install a stored procedure open up SSMS (SQL Server Management Studio) <br />
	2. Select New Query in the upper right hand corener.  <br />
	3. In the query window enter the following:<br />
	<pre>
	
	set ANSI_NULLS ON
	set QUOTED_IDENTIFIER ON
	GO

	CREATE PROCEDURE [dbo].[FullBackup]
	 @FileName nvarchar(256)
	AS
	BEGIN

	SET NOCOUNT ON;

	BACKUP DATABASE [123456_YourDatabase] TO DISK = @FileName WITH COPY_ONLY, NOFORMAT, NOINIT, NAME = N'Full Database Backup', SKIP, NOREWIND, NOUNLOAD, STATS = 10

	END

	</pre>

	Note:  You do not have to do step three if you use the Install Stored Procedure Button.

	4. Be sure to enter your actual database name where [123456_YourDatabase] is.  <br />
	5. Hit Execute to install the query.<br />
	6. You can now backup your databse to Rackspace CloudFiles.<br />
	
Usage
-----

	This backup utility will create a backup of your content or mssql database to local disk, upload that file to Rackspace CloudFiles, and then delete the file from local disk.

	.NET 3.5, .NET 4.0 and .NET 4.5 are all supported.

	Once installed you can access the Zipit Backup Utility at http://yourdomain.com/ASPXZipIt

	Please be sure that your content directory in Rackspace Cloud Sites has a permission set of 750.

	This application makes use of the following DLL's:
	
	DOTNETZIP: http://dotnetzip.codeplex.com/
	Rackspace CloudFiles: http://rackspace.github.com/csharp-cloudfiles/


Updating
------------

	To update to the lastest version simply re-install using instructions above or go to settings within ASPX Zipit and click update! :-D enjoy!

License
------------

    By installing ASPXZipit Backup Utility you agree that this feature is an Unsupported Service 
    (as defined herein) and you also agree to the terms of the GPL License! 
    See: GPL v3 -- http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html


    If you use the tool described in this article, you agree that the tool is an “Unsupported Service”. 
    Rackspace makes no representation or warranty whatsoever regarding any Unsupported Service, and you 
    agree that Rackspace will not be liable to you for any loss or damage arising from the provision of 
    the Unsupported Service.  The Service Level Guaranties will not apply to the Unsupported Service, or 
    any other aspect of your services that are adversely affected by the Unsupported Service.  
    You acknowledge that Unsupported Services may not interoperate with Rackspace’s other services or 
    other third party services you use.